Do you believe me now?
This is impossible.
Eddie?
I shot myself
with this bullet.
I need to find out
what happened.
I need to know how I'm alive.
Listen.
I believe you. but this city is
a lightning rod for insanity.
You could be a clone
or a cyborg.
We need to get you
to a hospital
and get you checked out.
No. I need to find the Flash.
He'll know what's going on.
- No. listen.
We can't jump to conclusions
without investigating.
If you're really Eddie.
then you're a detective.
and you know this.
If?
I am Eddie Thawne!
I'm alive.
and I need to know why!
What the hell?
Korber!
How nuts is this?
The Negative Speed
Force is attacking us
across space and time?
Hey. Khione.
How's Iris holding up?
Allegra's with her
at the hospital.
says she's safe and her
contractions are steady.
I told Allegra to tell Iris
that we will find Barry
before that baby's born.
Good call.
She's got enough
on her mind already.
Ah!
Wow.
I just got hit
with a huge wave of terror.
Nora. what's wrong?
The Negative Speed Force.
It cloaked Barry
with its own dark energy.
The cobalt radiation.
We found it in the loft
when Barry disappeared.
And now it's causing him
to bounce across time.
I briefly sensed him
through the radiation.
I'm not sure how long it
will take him to get there.
but he's heading toward 2049.
First he was taken
to the past.
then forced to the present--
And now he's going
to the future.
And so is the crystal.
It'll choose another victim
and attack Barry--
I can't help him anymore.
Only you can.
How?
You have to find a way.
If Barry dies and the Speed
Force is extinguished.
then this timeline
and everything in it
will be erased forever.
Whoo!
All right. party people!
That's a wrap.
The Chronarch is no
longer the monarch.
Come on home.
Was that schway or what?
Not bad for your first
mission as team leader.
I know your dad's all
the way in outer space.
but I can feel how proud he
is of you from the Watchtower.
I mean. that was fun.
But I'm ready for Dad
to come home.
Hey. babe.
The way you went supernova
on him at the end?
It's like you were trying
to blast that man
into the 64th century.
Well. actually.
that's exactly
what I was trying to do.
- Of course.
I think it's adorable
that after all
of these years of marriage.
you two still have that spark.
Oh. speaking of spark. Chester.
how's the nano-welding coming
along on my new super suit?
Oh. it should be ready
this afternoon.
I swear. if our big bad has
escaped from ARGUS already--
Oh. no. no. it's an energy
surge coming from upstairs
at the Flash Museum.
I told you it wasn't
a good idea to put a museum
on top of our secret lair.
No. baby. It's genius.
Who'd look for the Flash
under his own museum?
I know
this might sound weird.
but I'm looking for the Flash.
You're in luck.
He's right there.
The Flash
battled numerous threats
to our city. but the Flash's
greatest nemesis was
the murderous speedster known
only as the Reverse-Flash.
who returned to Central City
time and time again.
What?
This can't be right.
If Eddie dies.
he'll never be born.
He's being erased
from existence.
It didn't happen like this.
I saw the Reverse-Flash die.
I killed him.
I died a hero.
Dad!
Oh. my God. I found you.
Who are you?
It's me. Dad.
I'm your daughter.
That can't be.
I don't have a daughter.
But you've always wanted
to have one. and now you can.
All you have to do
is come with me.
Whoa.
OK. this energy signature
just spiked through the roof.
I'll go check it out.
Sir. are you OK?
- What?
What just happened?
Oh. my God.
Eddie?
Eddie Thawne?
This is insane.
Eddie Thawne died 34 years ago.
How is he alive.
and why hasn't he aged a day?
And why is he here?
I have no idea. but all
his fingerprints and DNA match.
Except he is giving
off high levels
of Hawking radiation--
the kind you only
find inside singularities.
So you think Eddie's
causing these portals to open?
Maybe it's subconscious.
Maybe it's his emotions
triggering them.
Oh. I was a black hole once.
It happens.
You know what?
I think that I could
work up a cuff for him--
something that'll destabilize
the quantum field around him.
I'm going to go talk
to the black hole.
So do you guys
finally believe me.
or do you need me
to pee into a cup?
According to all our tests.
you're telling the truth.
You really are Eddie Thawne.
I know.
So who the hell are you.
and how did you know who I am?
You're Barry's daughter?
But I thought--
I know.
You probably recognize me
from when we first met.
2013. New Year's Eve.
I was one
of the new interns at CCPD.
I remember that.
Yeah. we had
to travel back to 2013
to save the timeline.
I'm sorry. are you OK?
That thing I saw
in the museum...
I also saw one at the cemetery.
It killed Captain Korber.
It was a singularity.
Thank God it didn't
keep growing.
One like that almost
destroyed the whole city on--
on the day you died.
Yesterday. I thought I was
a man named Malcolm Gilmore.
It turns out
that whole life was a lie.
and in reality.
I was a dead man--
some idiot who killed himself
to stop a supervillain
that didn't stay dead.
I know. but if you didn't do
what you did in the Pipeline.
my dad would have
died that day.
Maybe.
Or maybe I could have had
a whole life.
a family.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm grateful to be
back from the dead.
but there's being alive.
and there's what makes
life worth living.
And Iris. your mom--
that was my reason.
And without that. I just--
I don't know why I'm here.
I can't imagine how
you must be feeling.
But I know better than most.
you have been given
the rarest gift.
a second chance.
You just have to decide
how you're going to use it.
Well. that does it.
We are officially
out of ways and ideas
to help Barry in 2049
while we are stuck here.
Mark. you were
possessed by the crystal.
Did that offer any insight?
Just that it's powerful
as hell. and it hates Barry.
When I was trapped inside.
all I could think about was--
was how much I love that guy.
He's given me so many second
chances. tenth chances.
I didn't deserve any of them.
I guess my. uh.
love wasn't enough
to fight the crystal's hate.
Mark. I just--
I wish I would have known.
You know. I could
have used my powers
to help boost your empathy
and maybe fight it off.
Maybe you still can.
I mean. when Barry
went to the past.
you could still sense him.
So your powers
work across time.
So what?
What good does that do?
Just because I can feel
something in the future.
it doesn't mean
I can change it.
Not from here.
But you've projected
your consciousness
into other minds before.
But what if you projected
your consciousness.
your present consciousness.
into your future body?
I could help Barry
fight his next battle.
You could save his life.
Cecile.
are your powers really
strong enough to do that?
Only one way to find out.
Dad. we've got
a code scarlet.
I can't talk about it until
we're on a secure channel.
Something big is up.
An old friend
of yours has stopped by.
I'm on my way
to Mom's right now.
but you better get here
as fast as you can.
Message should reach
the Watchtower
as soon as it emerges from
the dark side of the moon
in 12 hours. 52 minutes.
Good luck. Nora.
Nora.
She's a pretty amazing person
to try to forget. huh?
That was a long time ago.
For her.
For you. it was yesterday.
My mom told me a story
about you guys--
that even though
she was destined
to be Iris West-Allen. you
decided to be together anyway.
Screw the future.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to upset you.
I wouldn't want
another singularity
to open up in the Cortex.
What do you mean?
Those singularities
that have been appearing.
they're tied to your emotions.
Did nobody tell you?
Wait.
So what happened
to Captain Korber.
that's my fault?
You didn't mean
to do it. did you?
Oh. my God. I got her killed.
Nora. you've got to help me.
There must be some way
to fix this. right?
A way to undo this?
I'm not sure.
You thought you were
Malcolm Gilmore. right?
When did you first realize
something was wrong?
I was at Mercury Labs.
Then we should start there.
OK.
Neural activity's stable.
Empathic telemetry
is looking good.
You sure this is going to work?
Don't worry. Cecile.
You can do this.
Right.
and if by this you mean.
just go on and astrally project
myself into my future body.
protect Barry
from the Negative Speed Force.
and save all
of temporal existence.
before coming back
and teaching Jenna
her multiplication tables.
yeah. you're right.
That's easy. Easy peasy.
Remember. you're there
not to find 2049 Barry.
You're there
to protect our Barry.
OK.
And any friend in the future
could be influenced
by the crystal.
so be careful who you trust.
Gotcha.
OK.
Wait.
It worked.
It worked!
Chester!
Oh. my gosh. this is crazy.
Damn!
Looking good. future me.
What?
- You OK. Cecile?
What? Huh?
Allegra?
Hi.
- Hi.
So have you guys
seen Barry lately?
You mean since
he's been in outer space?
Um. no.
Outer space. OK.
You know what I'm gonna do is.
I'm just gonna--
I'm gonna go ahead.
I'ma hop on comms. anyway.
Why?
No reason.
Just. you know. call Joe.
Jenna. see what's for dinner.
Oh. I'm sure
Joe would love that.
especially because you haven't
been up to the country house
in a while. right?
Right.
Hey. guys.
You know what's funny?
Weirdly. I can't remember
the last time I was there.
Well. I don't blame you.
considering you're
only there what. twice a year?
Yeah. about that.
I mean.
between the Chronarch Wars
and helping the Savothian
freedom fighters.
it's been a crazy year.
But I'm sure the fam
understands that we need
a heavy hitter like you.
Yeah.
I'm sure the fam understands.
Are you OK. Cecile?
Cecile. what happened?
I'm sorry. I can't do this.
Wait. what?
What happened?
- Did you see Barry?
- I said I'm sorry. OK?
I can't do it.
We're going to have
to find another way.
OK. somebody's going
after her. right?
Oh. goddess lady. looks
like you're up.
Actually. I'm not the best
person for this one. Chester.
You are.
Oh. no. I--
I don't know. guys.
- Don't be afraid.
Your heart is stronger
than your fear.
and it'll know what
to say to Cecile.
You see anything unusual?
Nope. but you're
the detective.
Why do you think you're here?
Do you think
you just randomly popped up
decades after you died
by coincidence?
No.
There's no such thing
as a coincidence.
Then you must be here
for a purpose.
Maybe it has something to do
with the other Thawnes.
They were a pretty big deal.
Or at least they
were supposed to be.
I am from the future.
and you are the only Thawne
to be all but forgotten
by history.
Waste of a life.
waste of a man.
Eobard told me that.
And he was just trying
to get under my skin.
And it worked. didn't it?
You proved him wrong
by throwing your life away.
But what if you had the power
to get that life back?
What do you mean?
The Flash gets his power
from the Speed Force.
but there's another side
to the equation.
another power that spent
far too long in the shadows.
forced
into an unnatural balance.
It needs someone
to stand up to the Flash.
And that should be you.
I don't understand.
Are you talking
about hurting your dad?
Eddie. are you
still this pathetic?
Are you a waste of a man.
like Eobard said?
A loser. a nobody.
forgotten by history?
Are you still the idiot
who died trying
to save a man
who stole his life?
No! I'm not.
Then show me.
You know how things
were supposed to be.
You can have that life
if you take it.
Eddie.
Choose.
No. this can't be real.
I need some air.
You were right.
He is what we need.
He is what
we've been looking for.
And soon he'll be all ours.
Nora?
Dad.
What are you doing here?
We're under attack
by the Negative Speed Force.
It's throwing me across time.
using our friends to hurt us.
I'm just glad to see you.
Me too.
Agh!
No.
Nora. this isn't you.
It's the Negative Speed Force.
Oh. Barry.
So fast.
but somehow always so slow.
You never figured out
the most powerful form of hate
is by corrupting love
by twisting it
into its negative.
You're not going
to make me hurt her.
Agh!
Either you kill
your daughter.
or I kill you.
Both ways. I win.
Nora!
What are you doing?
Eddie.
Eddie. I told you.
we're getting your life back.
No. this isn't right.
Eddie. I can't believe
you're really here.
You sacrificed
your life to save me.
I never thanked you.
You too. Bar.
These last couple days.
I feel like I've been
losing my mind.
Do you live here?
I thought
this was my home. my life.
But I was wrong.
Everything's wrong.
Eddie.
It's going to be all right.
I don't know how
I got here. either.
The power in that crystal
is attacking me and my family
through time.
Now it's possessed my daughter.
and I don't know how
to stop it.
Maybe we can together.
All I know is
I used to be Malcolm Gilmore.
I had his life. his memories.
And that was a lie.
How is that possible?
What the hell?
Wait.
I've seen that happen before.
My driver's license.
I've seen reactions
like this too.
caused by negative tachyons.
I think this place. Malcolm's
belongings. his life--
it's all made
of negative tachyons.
Like a false reality
built for you to live in.
Well. who could
have done that?
There's only one force
powerful enough--
the one inside that crystal.
The Negative Speed Force.
I think it brought
you back to life.
Why would it bring me back?
Eddie. I think the Negative
Speed Force resurrected you.
so you could be its avatar.
Hey. um...
Mark is recalibrating
the jump configuration.
in case you wanted
to give it another go.
How are you feeling?
- Like a failure.
- Oh. look.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
I mean. we all make mistakes
on a mission. right?
I didn't make a mistake
on my mission. Chester.
I made a mistake in my life.
You know how Joe
and I just finally
found a balance
between my duties here
and my time with my family?
So I go home on the weekends.
I spend time
with him and Jenna.
Well. in the future.
you guys told me
that I have only
been home twice in a year.
Oh. I see.
Well. maybe you
have a good reason.
You know. maybe in the future.
you guys hang out in.
like. a VR portal
to make up
for missing face time.
No. no. Chester. no.
I know myself.
God. I've made
this mistake before.
Like how I wasn't there
for my own mother's death
because I was too busy working.
and now I just--
I have this awful feeling that
I'm making the same mistake
again in the future.
Chester. I'm scared
that this choice that I made
to live this superhero life.
it means that I'm
going to lose my family.
I don't believe you.
Look. I get what you're saying.
But listen.
if past me could see me now.
here in S.T.A.R. Labs
working with Team Flash.
he'd freak out.
So right now
you're making it work.
balancing being
a fricking superhero
and being with your family.
So why not trust
that you can do the same thing
30 years from now too?
Twice in a year.
That's what you said.
I don't care how long you and
Joe have been apart. Cecile.
Or why.
Look.
Because I know
you guys love each other.
Now you just need to embrace
what's around the corner
and trust that this legacy
that you're building
for yourself is the right one
because I. for one. do.
How can you be so sure?
Because
your greatest strength
isn't some meta ability.
Cecile. it's your heart.
and your dedication
to the people that you love.
That's a real virtue.
Its avatar?
Avatar for what?
A Negative Speed Force.
it needs a surrogate on Earth
to carry out its plan.
That's what the crystal
has been doing all along.
Joe. Mark. Nora.
I mean. it can only
possess them temporarily.
It must need you
to choose to take on its power.
No.
That can't be right.
The crystal showed me
a better life.
one with a daughter
I was supposed to have.
Eddie. the Negative
Speed Force is unlike
anything
you've ever seen before.
It gets inside your head.
It feeds off hate and rage.
all right?
Everything about it is evil.
It brought me back
from the dead. OK?
Is that evil?
And what if I choose not
to be the avatar. huh?
Do I go back to being dead?
No. no. we'll find
a way to save you.
You could choose
to start a new life.
He lies.
Oh. really?
Because all your team tried
to do today was cuff me.
But that crystal.
it actually wants
to help me get my life back.
A life I was a fool to give up.
There's still time.
Come on.
You don't believe that.
Don't tell me what I believe!
Did you know I can
hear it right now?
Sometimes I can't tell
if it's the crystal's voice
or my own voice.
And I'm starting to wonder.
what's the difference?
It's funny.
Returning from the dead
really has a way
of making you
realize the mistakes
you made in your old life.
My mistake was being a nobody.
Eddie. you weren't
a nobody. all right?
Listen to me--
- No!
You listen.
The second I died.
everyone forgot about me.
And you. Barry. the man
I sacrificed my life for.
you thanked me
by stealing my fiancée.
Eddie.
But now I have
a chance to change that.
If I choose the crystal.
maybe I could be the hero.
I could get the girl
and the family I deserve.
Eddie.
I know how much you're hurting.
The life you're talking about.
it's not yours.
Iris isn't your wife.
Nora is not your daughter.
But there were
supposed to be!
And they still can be!
Eddie. you know
that's not right.
You have a chance
to start over.
to have your own life.
What would Iris want you to do?
Flash!
Bring me the avatar!
Bring me Eddie Thawne.
or I will
tear this city apart!
Eddie. I have to go.
But I believe in you.
I know no matter what happens.
you'll make the right choice.
Flash. do you hear me?
Bring me Eddie!
Where is the chosen one?
He's making his own choice.
Seems like that isn't you.
We'll see about that!
Let's get to work.
OK.
Nora.
Nora. please.
I know you're still in there.
I need your help
to fight this thing.
Sorry. Dad.
The little girl
you loved is long gone.
Ahh!
Iris.
Oh. my beautiful Iris.
Sorry.
I knocked.
but you didn't answer.
and I know you always leave
the key by the door.
Oh. my God. Eddie?
I can't imagine what
you must be thinking.
And if you want me
to leave. I'll go.
But it's me. your Eddie.
Look into my eyes.
I know that you know me
better than anyone.
Who do you see?
Oh. my God. it is you.
How is this possible?
It's complicated.
But I'm done trying
to solve this mystery.
I came here because I
have a decision to make.
and I knew I couldn't make it
without seeing you.
Even if it was
for the last time.
What?
You just got here.
Why don't you stay?
We can help you.
Trust me. I don't want to go.
I just want to do
the right thing.
But sometimes it's hard
to know what that is.
especially with that voice
in my head pulling me
in different directions.
Actually. on second thought.
I think I should stay.
Do you
know why I'm about to win?
Because you don't have the guts
to kill your own flesh
and blood. unlike Eddie.
That's why he's
the ultimate avatar.
And you'll die
in the street like an animal.
Hey. blue eyes!
Impressive.
But I know you. empath.
You won't hurt me.
You're right.
I won't hurt Nora.
But for you.
I'm going to bring the pain.
Now get out of her head!
And stay out!
Cecile?
Actually. call me Virtue.
Iris. I know
this is a lot to take in.
My sacrifice robbed us
of our future.
but this is a second chance
to put things right.
Iris West.
All you have to do is say I do.
No. I don't. Eddie.
Eddie. you once said that
there was always three people
in our relationship.
And you told me
that's not true.
I was wrong.
It was always Barry.
Even back then.
if I didn't realize it myself.
You don't mean that.
Eddie. I'm not sure
how you got here.
but something is wrong.
And if you let us.
we will help you.
But I love Barry.
I love my family.
and I love the life
that we've built together.
now more than ever.
This is my future.
And I'm sorry.
that's not with you.
You're going to regret that.
You. Barry.
and everything you both love.
Dad. I'm so sorry.
It's OK. Nora.
It's OK.
Oh. my God.
Eddie.
What did you do?
So you're
the Barry from 2023.
And you are
the Cecile from 2023.
but in our Cecile's body.
And here I thought today
couldn't get any freakier.
Look. the crystal
that possessed Nora.
it attacked me in the past.
And then it went
after the team in 2023.
Wait. why don't we
remember these attacks?
Because they're
happening simultaneously
across the timeline.
First in the past--
- Then in your present.
- And now here. in 2049.
All while charging the crystal
for the new avatar. Eddie.
That's not all.
Speed Force Nora
showed up in 2023.
She said
that she was under attack
and that all that remains
of the Speed Force
lives in your family.
And then she vanished.
Big Nora's gone?
Dad--
I know.
Explains why we can't
feel her anymore.
Sweet NK Jemisin.
OK. all this red energy
that's appearing in the sky.
it's not lightning.
It's the timeline
starting to fracture.
And it'll spread
in every direction--
Until there's nothing left
of the timeline at all.
How long do we have. Chuck?
I'm not sure. but at
this rate of degradation.
not very long.
Cecile.
I still can't time travel.
Can you warn
the team back in 2023?
Yeah. on it.
But what do I tell
the team about Eddie?
Is there a chance he rejected
that crystal's offer?
Barry.
We need to talk.
You're as beautiful
as the day we got married.
I haven't seen you
like this in so long.
It's weird.
There's so much I want
to ask you about our lives.
if we're happy.
I wish we had more time.
I can't believe
Eddie is doing this.
He seemed like his old self.
but then he started
going on about how
fate brought him back here.
It was like he was seeing
things. hearing things.
The Negative Space Force
is still manipulating his mind.
I don't know how
to stop what's coming.
But I swear. Iris.
I will do whatever it takes
to protect you and our family.
I know.
And to answer your question.
yes. we're happy.
Every day. I love you more than
I even thought was possible.
And no matter what
challenges life puts on us.
we face them together.
Always.
I can't wait.
Agh!
♪ Don't wish it away ♪
♪ Don't look at it like it's ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Between you and me ♪
Why?
Why bring me back only
to show me what I can't have?
What did I do to deserve this?
Eddie.
- ♪ Get better ♪
- ♪ Better ♪
Eddie.
♪ While I'm away ♪
♪ Dust out
the demons inside ♪
♪ And it won't be long
before you and me run ♪
♪ To the place
in our hearts where ♪
♪ We hide ♪
♪ And I guess that's why
they call it the blues ♪
Iris.
No. don't go.
They aren't gone. Eddie.
They're waiting for you.
Tell me what to do.
Accept our power.
♪ Thunder under ♪
♪ The covers ♪
♪ And I guess that's why ♪
♪ They call it the blues ♪
And end the legacy
of Barry Allen forever.
Greg. move your head.